Add multi-tenant GitHub source installation doc (#2650)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/samples/github-source/README.md

GitHub Source example shows how to wire GitHub events for consumption
by a Knative Service.

> ## Before you beging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before you begin
```

Author: fixed

### Install Github Event Source

Github Event source lives in the [knative/eventing-contrib](https://github.com/knative/eventing-contrib).

{{< tabs name="install-github-source" default="single-tenant" >}}
{{% tab name="single-tenant" %}}

> The following command install the single-tenant GitHub source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the single-tenant GitHub source by entering the following command:
```

```shell
kubectl apply -f {{< artifact repo="eventing-contrib" file="github.yaml" >}}
```

> The single-tenant GitHub source creates one Knative service per GitHub source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The single-tenant GitHub source creates one Knative Service per GitHub source.
```

{{< /tab >}}

{{% tab name="multi-tenant" %}}

> The following command install the multi-tenant GitHub source:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following command installs the multi-tenant GitHub source:
```

> The following command install the multi-tenant GitHub source:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the multi-tenant GitHub source by entering the following command:
```

```shell
kubectl apply -f {{< artifact repo="eventing-contrib" file="mt-github.yaml" >}}
```

{{< /tab >}}

> The multi-tenant GitHub source creates only one Knative service handling all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multi-tenant GitHub source creates only one Knative Service that handles all
```

GitHub sources in the cluster.

### Create a Knative Service

> To verify the `GitHubSource` is working, we will create a simple Knative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify the GitHub source is working, create a simple Knative
```

Reviewer: Won't let me add more comments for some reason, but please also update in the line below for consistency:
`Service` -> Service
service -> Service

### Install Github Event Source

Github Event source lives in the [knative/eventing-contrib](https://github.com/knative/eventing-contrib).

{{< tabs name="install-github-source" default="single-tenant" >}}
{{% tab name="single-tenant" %}}

The following command install the single-tenant GitHub source:

```shell
kubectl apply -f {{< artifact repo="eventing-contrib" file="github.yaml" >}}
```

> The single-tenant GitHub source creates one Knative service per GitHub source.  

Reviewer 3: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
The single-tenant GitHub source creates one Knative service per GitHub source.
```

{{< /tab >}}

{{% tab name="multi-tenant" %}}

The following command install the multi-tenant GitHub source:

```shell
kubectl apply -f {{< artifact repo="eventing-contrib" file="mt-github.yaml" >}}
```

{{< /tab >}}

The multi-tenant GitHub source creates only one Knative service handling all GitHub sources

> in the cluster.  

Reviewer 3: <!--whitespace-bot-->
Remove trailing whitespace:
```suggestion
in the cluster.
```
